Hey babe I think is time we take our relationship to the previous level
They say one man's trash is another man's treasure. I hope you find someone who treasures you
If you take the "L" out of LOVER. Its OVER
Hey babe, I think its about time we cancel our gym membership. We're not working out anymore
Girl you're looking like a snack and I'm going on a diet.
Hey baby, are you in a tunnel?{answer}Because we’re breaking up.
I think we need to become better strangers.
You remind me of Halley's Comet. I don't wanna see you again for another 74 years
We need to cover more ground so we should split up.
I will always cherish my initial misconceptions of you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, trash is dumped and so are you
Are you a dollar bill?{answer}Because you’re single.
Our relationship is like my financial status: Broke. 
Hey, are you an anchor?{answer}Because you've done nothing but weigh me down.
Hey baby I'm calling myself Han because you need to be Solo.
Are we tectonic plates?{answer}Because we’re drifting apart.
Raise your hand if you have a boyfriend. Not so fast.
Damn girl are you being followed?{answer}Cause I been seeing people behind your back.
Knock knock. Who's there?{answer}My divorce attorney
Hey baby, I think I'm going blind. Because I can't see you anymore.
Aside from being single, what do you do for a living?
Hey babe, are you the McDonald's Ice Cream Machine, because you just aren't working for me anymore.
Babe are you a checkered flag because we're finished
Roses are red, violets are blue. Girl its been fun, But I'm leaving you
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would keep u and I pretty much where they are, far apart from each other. Maybe even make them a little further away
We should make like the Soviet Union and split up.
I need to get like Elsa and let you go!
Baby are you an angel?{answer}Because I'm a atheist
Are you a music fan?{answer}Because after this conversation, you'll have a deeper appreciation for Adele's songs.
You’re the girl that everybody wants. Today is their lucky day.
Hey, did it hurt when you fell from heaven?{answer}Because honestly, Karen, you are a demon.
Hey babe, are you the sun?{answer}Because I want you to be 92 million miles away from me and on fire.
Two words. Three vowels. Four consonants. Seven letters. It can either cut you open to the core and leave you in ungodly pain or it can free your soul and lift a tremendous weight off your shoulders. The phrase is: It's over.
