Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
You’re hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
If you were a tree, you’d be a really good tree.
You’re hotter than my GPU when Callum is installing shader after shader after shader onto my computer.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week’s hottest single.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I’m just ://
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a ‘cute-cumber.’
I think there’s something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you’re definitely lighting up my day!
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,’ but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.’
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
If you were a taser, you’d be set to ‘stun.’
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’m searching for.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're super hot, and we belong together.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
I was blinded by your beauty; I’m going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you’re hot.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
You're so cute that you made me forget my pick up line.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
You dropped something: My jaw.
You know what’s on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
You can’t spell Quarantine without u r a q t
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
You are as beautiful as 1.618.
You must be √(-1), ’cause you can’t be real.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can’t rhyme but can I date you?
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her ” I will stop loving you when all the roses die”
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you’re CuTe!
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Do you have a twin sister?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Let’s play hockey. I”ll be the net, and you can score.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
What's the difference between an erection and a Tesla?{answer}I don't have a tesla.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Have you got the time?{answer}I’ve got the time if you’ve got the place!
Even if there wasn’t gravity on earth, I’d still fall for you.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.
Excuse me.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don’t ask you now, I’ll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I’m running to meet a friend, but I think you’re really drop-dead cute. Could I have your phone number? I’m not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you’re not interested.
This cue is infinite, is it always like that?
I love your style man
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
What are your other two wishes?
You can’t be my first, but you can be my last.
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
How many people ask you to play Despacito?{answer}That's so sad. Alexa, play Despacito.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
A life without you, would be like a computer without.