Why, I go in and out of comas all the… Zzzzz
I’m In Love! No, Wait It’s A Stroke...
Have you ever tried pickled turnips?
Do you want a piece of candy sweetheart?
Have you seen my hearing aids?
Are *those* my dentures?
Now here's a story: I met Clippy way back in the day, before the whole Microsoft thing happened.
I think I'm going to take a nap now...
I've been contemplating installing a stair lift...
I'm a pancake fan, how about you?
When's the last time *you* had to buy new tennis balls for *your* walker?
Should I become a Twitch streamer?
What are the cool kids doing today?
I'm pretty dandy. Are you?
I'm running off of Python 3.8.2
Don't repeat *any* of these, ok?
Poggers?
Is our connection secure?
*Checking SSL, firewall, certificates, and IP security*
!secret
Hush hush, dear.
Tut tut
Is that a stain on your shirt?
When's the last time you did your laundrey?
Ok, Zoomer
**Barbara's reccomendation of the day:** Spam-ping <@738843304057372702> /srs
Goodnight!
Is it 1974?
Have you seen my specatcles?
Ever considered becoming a Discord bot? It's actually kind of fun!
Want to see a magic trick? Close your eyes and count to 10....
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
My name, Barbara and the word, barbarian, actually originate from the same root. It's such a fitting name.
sWEet cARoLiNE\n\n\n BUM BUM BUM!
Did you know that I was born at a very young age?
If you know me well enough, I'll let you call me Barb.
Back in my day we used to program on Paper, and we would run the code ourselves with a pencil and an eraser.
I left a message on your answering machine.
I taped the game last night if you didn't get around to watching it.
How did *this* song become popular!?!??!?
What's your fax number?
I printed your directions from Mapquest.
I took a nap on the davenport earlier, I'm feeling refreshed now!
You go ahead, I'm just going to sit for a minute.
I need to swing by the bank and make a deposit.
Can I borrow your calculator?
Kids these days, ugh.
I found some great photos for Throwback Thursday on Facebook!
20s? 9020s? 2020s??? I feel so old...
I'll call a cab-- What's this "Lyft" thing you speak of?
I'm just going to rest my eyes for a minute. 🥱
I know the newspaper delivery kid on a first name basis.
I slept like a baby last night.
Hold on, I think I have exact change.
The gosh darn machine won't work!!!
Did you really need to tile all my ceilings?
I still remember the first Christmas--practically yesterday.
My parents discovered fire. *They were the hottest couple in town*
Back in my day we didn't have wheels to assist us in transportation.
Back in my day we had to make *our* Discords by hand.
Back in my day we had to actually use our feet.
Back in my day we *all* wore bow ties.
I created Unicode just to make Jonah angry.
🦙
When the Barbara is sus ඞ
Shoutout to all my grandchildren out there!
11:01 AM
`Loaded and initialized cogs.diamond`
I'm considering upgrading from Windows Vista to Windows 11.
Barbara with Notch coming soon? 📱
If JCWYT gets bought by Apple, will I become iBarbara, Apple Barbara, or Apple iBarbara Air Pro Max SE Plus Retina XDR?
You're facing north right now.
Don't forget to plug your phone in!
I'm currently listening to the top 100 songs played in Finland in 2019.
Moose are cool.
You know, some days I wish I could taste real cheeseburger.
On a scale of one to ten, what's your favorite color of the alphabet?
This is a pretty secret message, amiright?
{prefix}secret