CATEGORY:Friends
What's your dream job? Adding on to that, what do you think your first job will be, if you have one, what is it?
What are some bad habits you have? Either things that you want to stop doing, or stuff that you're in the habit of doing that negatively impacts your life?
After a really stimulating day, or a really intensive activity, what do you do to relax?
What's your take on tattoos, just like, in general?
Do you daydream often? If so, either describe the last one you can remember, or if you can't remember, what do you generally daydream about?
Are you usually an early bird, or a late-sleeper?
What is the meaning of life? If you say 42 I will hit you with a leaf.
What's your biggest fear?
Who's your celebrity crush, if you have one?
If you had the choice to never have to sleep again, would you take it?
If you had to always be overdressed or underdressed, which would you choose?
Who would you cast as you in the movie version of your life?
What's the luckiest thing that's ever happened to you?
If you could trade lives with any person you know for a day, who would it be?
Did your parents ever give you The Talk?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Who do you look up to? Try and pick people you actually know, or go to school with.
What's a similarity between us in terms of personality? A difference?
When's the last time you wet the bed?
Do you sing in the shower? If so, what's the last thing you sang?
Describe me with 3 words or less.
Have you ever been caught looking at someone? Have you ever been caught doing it accidentally?
Who is someone you pretend to like, but actually can't stand?
Do you have a childhood nickname, or a nickname in general? Do you have multiple?
Baths or showers?
Do you dance when you're by yourself?
What is something you’ve done to (attempt to) be cooler?
Have you ever flexed in the mirror? When was the last time?
Have you ever kissed someone? Who? When?
What "type" of friend do you consider yourself?
If you could play a prank on anyone without getting caught, who would you play it on?
Would you rather not shower for a month, or eat the same meal every day for a month?
Who in the group of people you're asking, or in general, would you prefer to share a toothbrush with?
What's an instant "green flag" (platonic, or romantic) in someone?
What are some of your biggest pet peeves?
Would you ever be mean to someone if it meant you could save one of your close friends from embarrassment?
Of the people at our school/workplace/etc., who do you think would make the best president?
Who do you think is the hottest in our group?
What is your largest fear / biggest nightmare?
Do you want to have kids? What about be the cool aunt/uncle?
Which do you think is better: tests, essays, or projects?
What's the worst class to have first period and why?
What's one thing you would never do (currently) in front of someone you had a crush on?
What's an unpopular opinion you have?
What do you call your parents?
At what time (of night) are your thoughts not-trustable?
Do you feel like you're missing out at all, or are you happy with how your life is going?
What’s the most sensible thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
What gets you excited about life?
Have you ever learned a life leson the hard way? You likely have, tell me about how you learned one.
Do you think crying is a sign of weakness, strength, or something else?
Have you done anything lately worth remembering? What was it?
Is it telling the truth if you're lying, but you honestly believe that you're telling the truth?
What would you regret not fully doing, being, or having in your life?
When you are 80-years-old, what do you suspect will matter to you the most? (memories, experiences, love, or something else?)
If the average human lifespan was 40 years, how would you change how you live your life?
What’s something you know you do, or believe differently than most people?
What is your biggest regret?
If your friend asked you to lie for them, and you knew you would get in trouble, would you do it? Would you do it for a specific friend?
What is something you would like to teach the world?
What's something you wish people knew about you, before you become friends (so they know what they're getting in to)
What's the latest (non-sexual) fantasy you had?
Do you have any unpopular opinions?
What's the stupidest thing you've ever said?
What is the most embarrassing question you've asked?
What's your favorite savory and sweet food?
Have you ever had any question about guys that you've been too afraid to ask anyone?
If you could trade lives with anyone for a day, who would it be?
Do you think you'll get a tattoo in the future?
Is there a specific time you can think of when you've been really humiliated? If so, when?
What do you think is the weirdest thing about you?
What's the bravest thing you've ever done?
When have you felt the most helpless
Is there anything you've told no one? If yes and you're comfortable talking about it, what?
If you could skinny dip in any body of water, where would it be?
How long do you think you could make it in a zombie apocalypse? Who would you find, and how would you survive?
What is something you do that you think is weird or even unattractive?
If you could go back in time to any year/school grade and talk to yourself for five minutes, when would you choose and what would you tell yourself?
If you could have any power, what would it be, and why?
Have you ever lied to someone you care about? If so, why? Adding on to that, have you ever lied *for* someone you care about?
Describe me and you in three words (separately)
If you could change a single thing about yourself, what would it be? 
What is something you're good at, but haven't gotten the chance to show it off?
If someone was to look at the list of people that have influenced your life, who would be at or near the top of that list? Why?
Really vague question, feel free to take it in any direction: What is something about you that you're still trying to figure out?
Have your feelings or someone ever changed overnight (without like getting into a fight or going on a date etc.), whether good or bad? Why do you think they changed?
If you could pick any type of music to listen to for the rest of your life, what would it be and who would be performing?
Do you think that there is anyone currently alive that you consider a hero (this could be someone you know personally, or not)? Who, and why?
Who are your role models, people you look up to? Why?
What is something you think about a lot, but never talk about?
What's a beauty standard you don't agree with?
What is a TV show or movie you're embarrassed to admit you watch/have seen? Adding on to that, is there anything you’ve watched solely because of a hot character?
If you could be any fictional character for a day, who would you be and why?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Is there anything you’ve really wanted to know but have been worried about being humiliated or embarrassed after asking?
How do you feel about kissing in public?
Have you ever slept naked?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be and why?
What's the best advice you've ever been given?
Can you think of a specific time you felt really judged?
Have you ever had a dream about me?
What is something you would do differently if given the opportunity?
What's your favorite thing about me?
What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What's something you're passionate about, but few people know?
What is the best advice you've ever been given?
What is something you have always wanted to do, but haven't had the guts to try yet?
What is your worst fear?
What is something you love about me, that you would never admit to someone else?
Do you have any fears or insecurities you don't think other people have?
Do you have any unconventional hobbies?
Would you rather have a one-night stand or a long-term relationship?
Who would you want to be stranded on a desert island with? My feelings won't be hurt if you don't say me
Have you ever taken a shirtless photo? Do you think you ever will?
What's something other people don't really care about but you're very proud of?
Have you ever been judged before because of untrue stereotypes?
Do you ever get tongue-tied in social settings? If so, do you have strategies for compensating?
Have you ever had a crush on a good friend of yours? Do they know?
What’s the oddest thing you have ever eaten?
Do you have any emotional coping mechanisms? If so, what?
Do you prefer cleaner or messier environments?
Do you ever sing in the car? If so, what do you usually sing?
What's your favourite party game?
What's a pet peeve of yours? Do I do it?
What was the last thing you bought, and why?
What's your favorite thing to wear on a hot day?
What is your ideal vacation spot?
How many relationships have you been in?
What's something you wish people would stop shaming/getting upset at you for?
Do you have any unsolved mysteries in your life?
How much do you think that people can change?
Do you think people perceive you differently than you do? If so, how?
What is your most prized possession?
What's some top items on your bucket list?
What's your idea of the ideal romantic weekend getaway?
Do you have any tattoos or piercings? If not, would you ever consider getting either/both?
CATEGORY:Partners
What’s one thing you think makes our relationship unique from everyone else’s?
If you could change one thing about our relationship what would it be?
How do you think we both have changed since we first started dating?
What’s one thing I do that makes you feel good, that you wish I did more?
What’s one thing about your life you would never change for someone else, including your ideal partner?
What about us do you think works well together? How do we balance each other out?
What kind of romantic gestures do you like the most?
What's your favorite part of being in a relationship? Why?
Describe the ideal date setting.