Hey, wanna link molecules?
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
You're as complete as quinoa.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Hi!
I C Major potential in us getting together.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
What are your other two wishes?
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
You dropped something: My jaw.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
You're the Obi-wan for me.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
You had me at "Hello World."
You look like my next girlfriend.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Will you BB my D8?
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
You auto-complete me.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
