You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
You look like my next girlfriend.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Will you BB my D8?
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
You auto-complete me.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
I'd switch to emacs for you.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Will you brie mine?
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Be unique and different, say yes.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me? I’m really bad at pick up limes.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
You dropped something: My jaw.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Hi!
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Are you public WiFi? Because I am connecting to you automatically.Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You had me at "Hello World."
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Are you a WiFi mesh? Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
