Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
WebMD says your love is contagious.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
You had me at "Hello World."
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
You look like my next girlfriend.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Hi!
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Will you BB my D8?
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
What are your other two wishes?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
You auto-complete me.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
I think we're *mint* to be!
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
