Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
WebMD says your love is contagious.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Will you BB my D8?
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
You're the Obi-wan for me.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U."Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Hi!
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Be unique and different, say yes.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
You had me at "Hello World."
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
You auto-complete me.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
You look like my next girlfriend.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
What are your other two wishes?
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
