Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
I think we're *mint* to be!
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
are you a 2,000 degree reinforced steel rod?{answer}Because you're hot.Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Be unique and different, say yes.
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Hey, wanna link molecules?
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
You dropped something: My jaw.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Will you brie mine?
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
WebMD says your love is contagious.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Are you public WiFi?{answer}Because I am connecting to you automatically.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
You auto-complete me.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
You're the Obi-wan for me.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
You had me at "Hello World."
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me?{answer}I’m really bad at pick up limes.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
You look like my next girlfriend.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Will you BB my D8?
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Hi!
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
You're as complete as quinoa.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Are you a WiFi mesh?{answer}Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
