You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
You had me at "Hello World."
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
You're as complete as quinoa.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
What are your other two wishes?
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
You auto-complete me.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Will you BB my D8?
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Be unique and different, say yes.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Hi!
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
