If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
You look like my next girlfriend.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
You had me at "Hello World."
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Be unique and different, say yes.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
What are your other two wishes?
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Will you BB my D8?
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
You auto-complete me.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Hi!
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
I think we're *mint* to be!
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
