How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Hi!
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
I cannoli have eyes for you.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
You dropped something: My jaw.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
You auto-complete me.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Will you BB my D8?
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
I think we're *mint* to be!
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
You're as complete as quinoa.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
You had me at "Hello World."
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
What are your other two wishes?
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
