This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Hey, wanna link molecules?
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
are you a 2,000 degree reinforced steel rod?{answer}Because you're hot.You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
You auto-complete me.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Hi!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Are you a WiFi mesh?{answer}Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
Are you public WiFi?{answer}Because I am connecting to you automatically.
I think we're *mint* to be!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Will you BB my D8?
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
You look like my next girlfriend.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me?{answer}I’m really bad at pick up limes.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
You're as complete as quinoa.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Will you brie mine?
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
You had me at "Hello World."
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Be unique and different, say yes.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
