Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Will you BB my D8?
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Are you a WiFi mesh? Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
You had me at "Hello World."
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me? I’m really bad at pick up limes.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Will you brie mine?
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you public WiFi? Because I am connecting to you automatically.Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Be unique and different, say yes.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
You're the droid I've been looking for.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
You dropped something: My jaw.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Hi!
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
You auto-complete me.
You're as complete as quinoa.
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
I think we're *mint* to be!
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
You look like my next girlfriend.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
