Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Be unique and different, say yes.
You had me at "Hello World."
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Hey, wanna link molecules?
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Hi!
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
I C Major potential in us getting together.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Will you BB my D8?
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
You auto-complete me.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
What are your other two wishes?
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
You look like my next girlfriend.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
You dropped something: My jaw.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
I'd switch to emacs for you.
You're as complete as quinoa.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
