I think we're *mint* to be!
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
What are your other two wishes?
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Hi!
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
You dropped something: My jaw.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Will you BB my D8?
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
You're the droid I've been looking for.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
You auto-complete me.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
You had me at "Hello World."
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
