You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Hi!
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
You auto-complete me.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
You're as complete as quinoa.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Are you a WiFi mesh?{answer}Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Are you public WiFi?{answer}Because I am connecting to you automatically.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
are you a 2,000 degree reinforced steel rod?{answer}Because you're hot.Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Will you BB my D8?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me?{answer}I’m really bad at pick up limes.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
You look like my next girlfriend.
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Will you brie mine?
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
You had me at "Hello World."
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Be unique and different, say yes.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
