You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Will you BB my D8?
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
You dropped something: My jaw.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
You had me at "Hello World."
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
You auto-complete me.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Hi!
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
What are your other two wishes?
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
