Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Are you a WiFi mesh?{answer}Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Are you public WiFi?{answer}Because I am connecting to you automatically.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
You're as complete as quinoa.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
are you a 2,000 degree reinforced steel rod?{answer}Because you're hot.Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me?{answer}I’m really bad at pick up limes.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
You auto-complete me.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
I C Major potential in us getting together.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Hi!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
I think we're *mint* to be!
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
You dropped something: My jaw.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Be unique and different, say yes.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
You had me at "Hello World."
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Hey, wanna link molecules?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
WebMD says your love is contagious.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Will you brie mine?
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Will you BB my D8?
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
