Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
You dropped something: My jaw.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
You look like my next girlfriend.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
You're as complete as quinoa.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
You're the Obi-wan for me.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Hi!
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Be unique and different, say yes.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
WebMD says your love is contagious.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
You had me at "Hello World."
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
You auto-complete me.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
I think we're *mint* to be!
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Will you BB my D8?
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
What are your other two wishes?
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
