You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Will you BB my D8?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Hi!
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
You dropped something: My jaw.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Are you public WiFi?{answer}Because I am connecting to you automatically.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
Are you a WiFi mesh?{answer}Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
I think we're *mint* to be!
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
are you a 2,000 degree reinforced steel rod?{answer}Because you're hot.Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Be unique and different, say yes.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
Will you brie mine?
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
You auto-complete me.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
You had me at "Hello World."
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me?{answer}I’m really bad at pick up limes.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
