You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
What are your other two wishes?
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
You auto-complete me.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Will you BB my D8?
Hi!
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
You look like my next girlfriend.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
You had me at "Hello World."
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Hey, wanna link molecules?
