Hey, wanna link molecules?
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
You auto-complete me.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Will you BB my D8?
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
I think we're *mint* to be!
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
You had me at "Hello World."
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Will you brie mine?
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Hi!
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
Are you a WiFi mesh?{answer}Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Are you public WiFi?{answer}Because I am connecting to you automatically.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me?{answer}I’m really bad at pick up limes.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
are you a 2,000 degree reinforced steel rod?{answer}Because you're hot.You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Be unique and different, say yes.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You dropped something: My jaw.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
WebMD says your love is contagious.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
