Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Will you BB my D8?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
You look like my next girlfriend.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
What are your other two wishes?
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Hi!
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Be unique and different, say yes.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
I cannoli have eyes for you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
You had me at "Hello World."
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
You auto-complete me.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
You dropped something: My jaw.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
You're as complete as quinoa.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
