Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
What are your other two wishes?
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Hi!
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
You dropped something: My jaw.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
You auto-complete me.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Will you BB my D8?
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
You look like my next girlfriend.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Be unique and different, say yes.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
You had me at "Hello World."
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
