I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
You look like my next girlfriend.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
You dropped something: My jaw.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
You had me at "Hello World."
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Will you BB my D8?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Be unique and different, say yes.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
What are your other two wishes?
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
I think we're *mint* to be!
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Hey, wanna link molecules?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Hi!
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
You auto-complete me.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
