You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
What are your other two wishes?
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
You had me at "Hello World."
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Be unique and different, say yes.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
You auto-complete me.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Hi!
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I C Major potential in us getting together.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
You're the Obi-wan for me.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
You're as complete as quinoa.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Will you BB my D8?
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
I think we're *mint* to be!
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
You dropped something: My jaw.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
