My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Hi, my name is Barbara, but you can call me tonight.
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 16 digits of your phone number.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
I think we're *mint* to be!
Your dad must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated arguement about social security?
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
My internet is 4G, but my heart is 4U.If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my mom.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10. Because you're a 10/10.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Do you have rasins? How about a date?
I C Major potential in us getting together.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his mom's basement.
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
Charzards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet securley and quickly easy! Brave even comples complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at &lt;https://brave.com/&gt;{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductable.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
Will you BB my D8?
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Was your dad a thief? Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
Isn't your e-mail address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Hi!
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.{answer}Hey, how do you pronounce your phone number?{answer}Hi!{answer}.-.{answer}To receive a cheesy pickup line, press 1. To receive a generic salutation, press 2. To receive a crude sexual advance, press 3. To replay message, press 4.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Hey, you're pretty and I'm cute. Together we'd be Pretty Cute.
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Yo, are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
You auto-complete me.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Lets go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!"
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
Yo are u an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
You look like my next girlfriend.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
I'm the new school janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
What are your other two wishes?
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security.{answer}And mothers maiden name.
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
A life without you, would be like a computer without me.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tomorrow!
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1-undefined I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
I want you more than a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
Even though it would~~n't~~ mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Did you fart? cause you blew me away.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
You're the Obi-wan for me.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
Roses are red violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
You had me at "Hello World."
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
You're as complete as quinoa.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Are you a Hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
If you were a steak you would be well done. Of course, I'm not saying you're a steak.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Be unique and different, say yes.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Hawaiian or pepperoni?
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
