I have to show you the prettiest person I've ever seen. *shows selfie camera*
You're my favorite streamer, want to do more than Just Chatting?
{author} if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
You must be Lightning McQueen because you've got my heart racing.
Will you brie mine?
If I had to rate you on a scale from 1 to undefined, I'd rank you a π^π^π^π
Are you WiFi? Cause I'm totally feeling a connection.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds.{answer}What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
You're hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. Which of the following is the best: ‘Do you come here often?', ‘How was heaven when you left it?', or ‘Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Hi. Are you busy? Do you have a few minutes so I can hit on you?
Am I a beast? Cause you're definitely a beauty.
Do you have the time?{answer}No, the time to write down my number?
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
There are over six hundred varieties of heirloom tomatoes, but there's only one of ~~me~~ you.
If you were a tree, you'd be a really good tree.
I am falling in love with you. Let's meet up. I swear I am not a 55-year-old man in his parent's basement.
Are you a cat? Because I'm feline a connection between us.
You look like my next girlfriend.
Are you ~~Netflix~~ JCFlix Prime Max+? Because I could watch you for hours.
Did you like Rogue One? Maybe if we went out, we could be Rogue Two?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
You are as beautiful as 1.618033988749894848204586834365638117720309179805762862135448622705260462818902449707207204189391137484754088075386891752126633862223536931793180060766726354433389086595939582905638322661319928290267880675208766962070322210432162695486262963136144381497587012203408058879544547492461856953648644492410443207713449470495658467885098743394422125448770664780915884607499887124007652170.
Are you Medusa?{answer}Cause once I saw you the first time, I couldn't look back.
Call me Q, because I need U next to me at all times.
{author}, you marinate my tempeh.
Will you BB my D8?
Wow, I'm so glad I found you… because I've Ben Solo for too long.
I could tell from your doctype that we're a match!
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together.
Knock, knock.{answer}Gopher.{answer}Gopher me, obviously.
I heard you're good in algebra, could you replace my X without asking Y?
I'd join the dark side as long as you were there.
Did it hurt?{answer}When you fell out of heaven?
How much does a polar bear weigh?{answer}Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm Barbara!
I didn't think I was a snowman, but you just made my heart melt.
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon I would choose you!
My scanners detected high amounts of sexiness in this quadrant, and I think I have found the source.
Are you a streamer? Because I have been following you.
Hey {author}, are you related to Yoda?{answer}Because Yodamn fine.
Your pH must be 14 because you're the most basic need in my life right now.
Are you the SATs? Because I would gladly sit in a room with you for six hours.
You have such a nice backend, I would love to call your APIs all night long.
You must be a campfire. Because you're super hot and I want s'more.
You must be really good at art, because you've drawn my attention.
You had me at "Hello World."
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Do you have any raisins? How about a date?
Is your face McDonald's? Because I'm lovin' it.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.
Is that you passed out, or a snow angel on my lawn?
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you because the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Hey are you Discord? Because I can't stop thinking about you and my friends think I'm obsessed
Are you YouTube?{answer}Because I want You To be mine.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.
You're the droid I've been looking for.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I'd turn red, just to glance at you longer
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
Let's go watch "The Simpsons", you can be Marge and I can take you Homer!
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Knock, knock.{answer}Owl.{answer}Owl be seeing you soon, right?
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
You've stolen a pizza my heart.
Wow, call me Chewbacca, because I feel so Wookiee to have found you!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Okay, here's the deal: I'll let you take the last stuffed crust frozen pizza if you let me take you to dinner. At your house. Where we'll be having frozen pizza.
Sorry, I'm already seeing Botwinkle. I'd rather just be friends with you.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?{answer}Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Hey, are you gold?{answer}Because I'm in Au of your beauty.
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty.
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
If you were words on a page, you would be what they call fine print.
Are you as spicy as your artisan hot sauce?
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Something's wrong with my eyes: I can't take them off you.
Will you be the Leia to my Han so I won't have to be Solo?
I was feeling a little off today—but you've turned me on again!
Let's start an LLC together so our dates can be deductible.
You wanna know what's big?{answer}My house, pervert ;)
Wow, is your lightsaber yellow? Because you're a total Rey of sunshine.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
Did I sneeze? Because God blessed me with you.
You auto-complete me.
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
Are you Mary?{answer}Because you're Poppin'.
You're so hot you need to be water cooled.
Hey, you must be an astromech droid, because you R2 good-looking.
I appreciate you more than Santa appreciates chimney grease.
The way you look in that dress... damn, server overload!
Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hey {author}, are you looking for a stud?{answer}Because I have the STD, all I need is U.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
You must be from the nether, because you are out of this world.
Me without you is like a computer without typefaces, a middle school without nutcases, a sea turtle without carapaces.
You know what's on the menu?{answer}ME-N-U
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
Hello. I am a Nigerian Prince and I can make you rich beyond your wildest dreams! I just need your phone number.{answer}And your birthday.{answer}And your bank account.{answer}And Social Security number.{answer}And mother's maiden name.
Are you from Stockholm? Cause you're the Swedish guy I've ever seen.
If you're coding in CSS3 and going through a rough patch, just know that you can always JavaScript fallback on me… I got you
Idk what to say so here's a pickup line:\n🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻🛻
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart. And spleen.
Damn {author}, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a ‘cute-cumber.'
Your beauty rivals that of the screenspace refraction done in Complementary 4.2
If you were French Toast, you'd be the most elegant French Toast I've ever seen.
Knock, knock.{answer}Candice.{answer}Candice be love I'm feeling right now?
I'm not using Google anymore. When I saw you, the search was over.
Are you into science?{answer}Because I got my ion you.
You wanna know what's beautiful?{answer}Read the first word again.
Hey dude, is your name John? Because I've never Cena guy like you.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you. But, then again, <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem>
You must be √(-1), 'cause you can't be real.
Are you public WiFi?{answer}Because I am connecting to you automatically.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
Can I have a Band-Aid?{answer}Cuz I scraped my knee falling for you.
Isn't your email address manofyourdreams@jcwyt.com?
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Are you AirDropping me something? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
I'd show you my world, but I'm sure you own a mirror.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day... all I'm asking for is one from you.
Hey, wanna link molecules?
I'm the new janitor. I'd love to sweep you off your feet.
Are you my laptop? Because you're really hot and I'm concerned.
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
Redstone is red, Lazuli is blue, you're as hot as the lava I fell into.
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,' but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.'
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? 'Cause you're BeAuTiful!
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I've been looking for you everywhere.
Are you an orange? ‘cause you're a real cutie
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're hot and I'm ready.
I think we're *mint* to be!
*drops 20 limes* Can you help me?{answer}I’m really bad at pick up limes.
If you go out with me, I promise I won't take you for granite.
I didn't know angels go to [insert name of your high school].
You must be made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon, because you're so FINe.
You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
Are you Google Chrome? Because you use all of my memory.
Is your name Waldo? Because someone like you is hard to find.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you've got ‘fine' written all over you.
Are you from Russia?{answer}‘Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how hot you look right now?
Can you hold my gloves for a second? I usually warm them by the fireplace, but you are way hotter.
I must be drawn to the Force, because {author}, Yoda only one for me.
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
How about I take you back to my place where we can get into a heated argument about social security?
Are you Alzheimers?{answer}Cause I forgot where I was going with this one.
Hi there, how are you?{answer}Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
My favorite element on the periodic table is Uranium, because I am in love with U.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
My love for you is like dividing by zero, it cannot be defined.
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
You're as complete as quinoa.
A life without you would be like a computer without me.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that I should take you out...
Knock, knock.{answer}Kiss.{answer}Kiss me!
With your creative wit, I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than me.
Are you Google Glass?{answer}'Cause you augment my reality.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
You dropped something: My jaw.
Are you from Candy Crush Saga? Because you're real sweet.
Do you like water? Then you already like 80% of me!
I know the first 10 digits of pi, but somehow, I don't know yours.
Stop, drop, and roll, {author}. You are on fire.
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I'm so lost in your eyes I'm like Nemo.{answer}You better find me.
You must be the square root of two cause I feel irrational around you.
Hey {author}. You got a jersey?{answer}Because I need your name and number.
How clever was my last pickup line, on a scale of (000)-000-0000 to (999)-999-9999?
You can't spell Quarantine without u r a q t
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe!
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
If you were a tree, you’d be an evergreen, because I bet you look this good year-round.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Is your name Mara?{answer}Because I wish Mara my free time were spent with you
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning?{answer}Because you're glowing!
Are you a GAU-8/A Avenger 30 mm hydraulically driven seven-barrel Gatling-style autocannon mounted in the United States Air Force's Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?{answer}Cause you never fail to blow me away.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week's hottest single.
How is your fever?{answer}Oh… you just seem insanely hot.
Are you a Minecraft fence? Cuz I can't get over you.
You're more beautiful than Natalie Portman. You wanna be my Na-boo?
Forget student loans, you've got all my interest.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't.{answer}I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
If I were a `function()`, would you ~~invoke~~ call me?
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
If you were broccoli you'd be a Romanesco.
You are the rare catalyst to my volatile compound.
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile!
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you're sexy!
Knock, knock.{answer}Anita.{answer}Anita kiss from you, please!
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, just say yes!
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush
Knock, knock.{answer}Ben.{answer}Ben thinking about you all day.
"Care to Tango?" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?{answer}Well then, please start.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
Did you invent the airplane?{answer}Cause you seem Wright for me.
I bet I know when your birthday is. October 10, because you're a 10/10.
Are you a doughnut?{answer}Because you're a-dough-rable.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
You must have swallowed a speaker, because your beauty is louder than the rest.
Are you a hurricane, {author}? Cause you're blowing me away.
Knock, knock.{answer}Aldo.{answer}Aldo anything for you!
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Hi, I’m writing a phone book, can I have your number?
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Knock, knock.{answer}Pauline.{answer}I think I'm Pauline in love with you.
We learned some pretty important dates in history class today, but I couldn't help noticing that you aren't a part of any of them.
Is your name Ariel?{answer}Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you French? Because ma-damn, you're fine.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Are you a large sum of money?{answer}Cause I love you.
Do you live in a corn field? 'Cause I'm stalking you.
What's your IP address? I'd sure love to ping you sometime.
I know this is going to sound strange, but if I don't ask you now, I'll be kicking myself for the rest of the day. I'm running to meet a friend, but I think you're really drop-dead pretty. Could I have your phone number? I'm not a psycho—I promise. You can give me a fake one if you're not interested.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Getting lucky usually means finding my car in the parking lot, but tonight you can change that.
I'm going to have to ask you to leave. You're making the other people look bad.
Are you a redstone torch? Because you turn me on.
Are you a banana, because I find you a-peeling.
Are you a microwave?{answer}Because mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Knock, knock.{answer}Police.{answer}Police tell me I'm your type!
Did you fart? 'Cause you blew me away.
Are you Mumbo Jumbo? Because I'm blown away by your end crystals.
Are you an APR loan? Because I don't really understand your terms and you keep saying you have no interest.
Every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Do you smoke marijuana? Because weed be cute together.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine!
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
Are you Gravel in Minecraft? Because I'm falling for you!
Are you a surfer because I’m following your every wave.
Would you like some organic roasted root vegetables to go with that non-dairy fair trade shake?
Are you an expensive blue cheese? Because I want to grow mold with you.
Hey baby, are your pants reflective aluminum alloy?{answer}Because I can see myself in them.
My BBQ is broken, could you have a look at it?{answer}Oh, I thought you might be able to help, being smoking hot yourself and all.
Are you a mortar shell?{answer}Cause when I hear you whistling, I stop what I'm doing, and try to find out where you're coming from, and where you're going.
Are you Apple Support? There's something wrong with my phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? *holds up mirror*
Is your name Cholesterol? Because you send my blood pressure skyrocketing!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to... wait, did someone say Brave? Brave is a free, fast, and secure browser. With speeds averaging over 3x that of Chrome, and privacy settings better than Firefox by default, Brave makes browsing the internet  securely and quickly easy! Brave even comes complete with a builtin ad and tracking blocker! Download today at <https://brave.com>{answer}That was not me omg why was it added help pls no \n -Jonah
Give someone else 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say to them, “I will stop loving you when all the roses die.”
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Are you Harvard? Because I know I have no chance with you.
I don't know who'd be more excited about us going on a date, me or my parents.
Are you a keyboard? Because you're just my type.
Are you the COVID vaccine? Because I would never turn you down.
Hi!
Hey, can I take a picture of you? Quickly, it's urgent!{answer}I'm playing cards and I don't have a queen.
Your interface looks very clean, and *smooth*
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon, always glowing.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Would you like to borrow my tuner?{answer}You're looking pretty sharp to me.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
It's funny how I know 250+ Minecraft blocks, but not the 10 digits of your phone number.
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Call me Anna, because you are so Hans-some.
Help! I've fallen for you and I can't get up!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.{answer}Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
are you a 2,000 degree reinforced steel rod?{answer}Because you're hot.
Are you an electrician?{answer}Because you're definitely lighting up my day!
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
Excuse me, you dropped something back there!{answer}This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Are you a bank loan? Because you have my interest.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Forget hydrogen! You're my number one element.
I like cheese. Everyone likes cheese. Now we have something in common!
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Is your last name Skywalker? Because you Luke so good.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
Be unique and different, say yes.
My teeth and I no longer sleep together, but you and I definitely should.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
You should come hang out with me at the gallows.Do you like bagels? Because you're bae goals.
You've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
This may be cheesy, but I think you're grate.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
I want you more than a Haagen-Dazs on a hot summer day.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
WYD{answer}No, I mean where's your dog?
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
I'm no mathematician, but I've been told I'm good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Black ice isn't the only thing I'm falling for.
You must be a high-test score because I'm dying to take you home to meet my mother.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Hey {author}, are you a Prius? Because you're giving me no sounds or indecations that you're turned on right now.
Are you a garbage bag? Because I’d like to take you out.
Most people call me Barbara, but you can call me tonight!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If you were a stormtrooper's gun, you'd be set to stun.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
I'm studying to be a historian, are you interested in finding a date?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
I must be going through anaerobic respiration right now 'cause you take my breath away.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Were your parents theives?{answer}Why? I don't know, just making small talk. Mine's an orthopedist.
I'm a statistics major, and I think you have the best curves I've ever seen.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
"Will you marry me?"\n\nThis is a simple one. This line is super effective for anyone. Because it's literally “will you", it is very powerful and intimate. You can do it without even being asked. You can just give a long speech about your dream of marriage, and it will be powerful to your crush.
Do I have a fever? Because you're giving me chills.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Knock, knock.{answer}Doya.{answer}Do-ya want to be my partner?
Are you a model?{answer}Oh, when did you quit?
Could you help me? I'm late for a very important date with you.
Knock, knock.{answer}Eyesore.{answer}Eyesore do like you!
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you HTTP?{answer}Because without you, I'm just ://
Are you my house burning down? Cause you take my breath away.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Are you a WiFi mesh?{answer}Because I feel your love everywhere I go.
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press X to join and be my player 2.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Have you got the time?{answer}I've got the time if you've got the place!
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Your legs must be tired because you have been running through my mind all night.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
"qamuSHa', bangwI'" That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
My love is like a fractal, it goes on forever.
Are you my last 1099 check? Because I want 100% of you.
If you were a taser, you'd be set to ‘stun.'
You look so familiar… Did we take a class together?{answer}Because I could've sworn you and I had chemistry.
I would flirt with you, but I'd rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
You must be made of oxygen and neon, because you are the ONe.
I love you. I don't care if you're a doggo in a trenchcoat.
I'm fighting the urge 24/7 to not scream a pickup line at the top of my lungs. If I had a partner, maybe I wouldn't have to.
You can't be my first, but you can be my last.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I can't rhyme but can I date you?
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-fox.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
Are you a creeper? Because you make my heart explode.
You're hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
Are you a beaver? Because DAM.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're hot, and we belong together.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I'm searching for.
You must be a choir director because you make my heart sing!
You must be a pile of dinosaur bones, because I dig you.
Are you a magician? Because when I'm looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Are you a piece of carbon?{answer}'Cause I would love to date you.
If you were a flower you'd be a damn-delion
Whenever you and I get together, it's like a superposition of 2 waves in phase.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
Do you live in an igloo? Because you seem like a pretty cool person.
I used to be able to recite the alphabet until we met—now I can't get past ‘u'.
Did I mention you're looking optiFINE tonight?
My cellular is 4G, but my heart is 4U.
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin ME.
You're so hot I only need four layers to go out into this teeeerible weather.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Remember when you asked me who I had a crush on the other day?{answer}I plead the fifth.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Want to come back to my place for a private beta-testing?
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Let's play hockey. I'll be the net, and you can score.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
If you were an Ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
*steps on some ice* Now that the ice is broken, what’s your name?
Will you brush your teeth with me?{answer}Because dentists say brushing alone doesn't prevent cavities.
Hey, is that guy bothering you?{answer}Would you mind if I bothered you then?
Knock, knock.{answer}Iguana.{answer}Iguana hold your hand.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Have you ever seen a guy eat an entire can of pinto beans in under 10 seconds?{answer}Would you like to?
You must be Windows Vista because you've got me feeling so unstable.
Are you French?{answer}Because Eiffel for you.
R4 is red, R2 is blue. If I was the Force, I'd be with you.
I cannoli have eyes for you.
Your parents must have worked at Ikea because you're put together nice!
Are you an enderman?{answer}Cause I get a little scared when I look you in the eyes
I hope our love will be like pi, irrational and endless.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
*holds out hand* Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account?{answer}I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
I know where they give out free drinks.{answer}It's a place called “My House”!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
This is the police! You're under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where I can hold them.
Do you have an identical twin?{answer}Then you must be the most beautiful person in the world!
